Add the accessPackageResourceEnvironment resource type (#11273)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accesspackageresourcerequest-post.md

}
```

### Example 2: Create an accessPackageResourceRequest for a resource and assign an accessPackageResourceEnvironment using @odata.bind

#### Request

> The following is an example of the request. In this example, we use the `@odata.bind` annotation to assign the `id` of the `accessPackageResourceEnvironment` to an `accessPackageResourceEnvironment` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example of the request. In this example, the `@odata.bind` annotation is used to assign the `id` of the `accessPackageResourceEnvironment` to an `accessPackageResourceEnvironment` object.
```

        "originId": "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/CSR",
        "originSystem": "SharePointOnline",
        "accessPackageResourceEnvironment@odata.bind": "accessPackageResourceEnvironments/615f2218-678f-471f-a60a-02c2f4f80c57"
    },
    "requestType": "AdminAdd"
}
```

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": false,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.accessPackageResourceRequest"
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#identityGovernance/entitlementManagement/accessPackageResourceRequests/$entity",
    "catalogId": "de9315c1-272b-4905-924b-cc112ca180c7",
    "executeImmediately": false,
    "id": "d3f800d5-0dd6-47f3-9e90-ef562c7551dc",
    "requestType": "AdminAdd",
    "requestState": "Delivered",
    "requestStatus": "Fulfilled",
    "isValidationOnly": false,
    "expirationDateTime": null,
    "justification": null
}
```

### Example 3: Create an accessPackageResourceRequest for a resource and assign an accessPackageResourceEnvironment using originId

#### Request

> The following is an example of the request. In this example, we specify the parameters of an `accessPackageResourceEnvironment` in an `accessPackageResourceEnvironment` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example of the request. In this example, the parameters of an `accessPackageResourceEnvironment` are specified in an `accessPackageResourceEnvironment` object.
```
